How to avoid burnout.
Probably, the best lessons I got in my career early on when I worked at
Goldman Sachs was: there was a client that worked at Manulife,
which is a big insurance company based out of Toronto,
and her name was Rhonda Chang and she was the best client ever.
She is awesome. And she told me, Chris,
when you return from vacation the first thing you want to do is open up your calendar,
look six months out,
and book you next vacation.
And I said, oh, that's great feedback.
That's a great idea. Of course, I never follow through.
I was just a young guy.
I thought I had too much energy, whatever.
Whatever I burned out, I burned up.
And the amount of time that you burn out,
let's say you work five weeks at a hundred hours a week,
okay, without a break.
That amount of time, that five weeks,
is how much time it can take you to unburn out.
So it's gonna take you at least five weeks to unburnout,
so be careful, be careful.
Book that vacation, always,
you know, six months out.
And also another thing I want to say is that since the beginning of
time we have always been told that the seventh day is a day of rest.
I'm not going to get all religious on you but I
think it's very smart not to work on Sundays.
In fact in my house, we have a policy called
Screen-Free Sundays and if my kids see me working on Sunday they give me heck for it.
They're like dad, dad, you're not supposed to be working.
And so you need to take your breaks.
You need to take your breaks. Otherwise, otherwise, you'll burn out.